this is a quick highlight film of the
season
using the fly offense you'll see some
other formations in the video but they
work because of the sequence of plays
from the fly formation this first play
is basically our juice left 28 sweep
what we called it once you get outside
get that corner back blocked usually
pick up some pretty good yards so
wishbone formation despite the dive fake
the outside then toss it out to the
split end on the actually that tight end
on that same side again the deuce to 1/8
sweep block corner and he's gone
a little winged action here basically
it's an inside handoff again
all because of you out if you establish
the outside presence right up the middle
is always going to work you'll see this
play work several times again let's just
sweep around the outside you get that
going and I'm telling you you can pretty
much count on any other plays you can
run
again deuce coming back to year 28 sweep
little boot leg out to the side
everybody's thinking backside go back
hit the tight in on a basically a flag
route sending the man in motion again
he's reading the outside guy see the
butt cut it up on the left you'll see we
left the end open basically we call this
et and all we're doing is just reading
that in he goes up the field you cut it
up he stays back you go around the
outside and see discipline it
we call this juice left 41 trap
basically taking the sweep and coming up
underneath you'll notice in this video
we don't have the biggest team the
fastest team but they execute really
well a line fantastic job blocking on
that play
call this our buck pass we faked the
sweep hit that's the guy that just went
in motion that's our fly back you just
caught that ball
yeah that's always fun trying to find
out where the ball is again that's just
regular old sweet fly sweep ZT I'm going
to read that and came up he cuts it up
this is our called 34 belly full back
gets it on the backside for hole to good
set up same thing here you can just see
we go inside the sweep
everybody's popping outside we go right
behind it you see a good block coming up
here and he's off to the races
again this is 34 belly handoff to the
second back extra point is good this is
for touchdown 34 belly this is the
championship game they're great
touchdown run this is 45 gap two fakes
to the other side has a critical first
down in the championship game
get everybody going to the opposite side
send the tide in just on a fly route
straight up the field a little dump pass
and you actually made that in back 234
belly after your establishing the
outside this is our that's our fullback
basically a little dump pass actually he
acts like he's gonna go out block
releases no one out there first down and
see you come in he's coming out your
house here this is what we called wing
right
41 trap again faking faking up the
middle wide outside and then right back
down the middle again here's our buck
pass and see the guy comes wide open
it's the tide in all you're doing is
right in the corner corner stays up you
throw it deep he goes back you throw it
short is that 41 trap pass worked for
years always open
called this 33 go basically just hitting
the three holes straight up and that's
our trap pass or excuse me our 45 cross
killer pass I was usually open to scored
in the champion or a semi conference
game on that see the but cut it up and
he just went right behind our lead back
this is just a basic 5:5 pass everybody
thinks for going out to the right we
send the split in straight down the
field and wide open back to 34 belly
this will be 41 trap right up the middle
untouched right about 20 seconds left in
the half when we scored this one if I
remember right yeah anyway that's it
hope you enjoyed it you can always go
back in and play it at slower speeds and
watch the the blocking schemes they did
a fantastic job on the line again these
are 11 and 12 year olds running the west
coast fly offense for those coaches
looking for a couple more plays to put
in their playbook run them in the right
sequence and you should work for you
good luck